Add docs for helm enablement in kustomization TF provider (#156)
kbst/terraform-provider-kustomization: docs/data-sources/build.md

#### Child attributes

- `load_restrictor` - setting this to `"none"` disables load restrictions

> - `enable_helm` - setting this to `true` enabled helm templating support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `enable_helm` - setting this to `true` allows referencing helm charts in the kustomization.yaml
```

> - `helm_path` - set this to the path to find the helm executable (default: `"helmV3"`)

Reviewer: The binary is called `helmV3` by upstream?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `helm_path` - set this to the path to the binary (defaults to: `helm`)
```

Author: it is indeed called `helmV3` by upstream. I'll correct the rest however.
